"THE LORD bless you and keep you; 
THE LORD make his face shine on you and be gracious to you; 
THE LORD turn his face toward you and give you peace." 
Numbers 6:24-26

"The blessing of the LORD brings wealth, without painful toil for it."
Proverbs 10:22

Psalm 1:1:
"Blessed is the man who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked, 
nor stand in the way of sinners, nor sit in the seat of mockers". 

Psalm 1:2:
"But his delight is in the law of the Lord, and on his law he meditates day and night".

Galatians 3:13-14 
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us, 
and that the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, 
so that they might receive the promised Spirit through faith.

Psalm 1:3:
"He is like a tree planted by streams of water, that yields its fruit in season and 
whose leaf does not wither—whatever he does prospers". 

 Genesis 12:2-3?
“I will make you into a great nation, and I will bless you; 
I will make your name great, and you will be a blessing. 
I will bless those who bless you, and whoever curses you I will curse; 
and all peoples on earth will be blessed through you.”

Psalms 34:8-9 
O taste and see that the LORD is good: Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. 
O fear the LORD, ye his saints: For there is no want to them that fear him.

Psalm 84:11 states: 
"For the Lord God is a sun and shield; the Lord bestows favor and honor; 
no good thing does he withhold from those whose walk is blameless."

Philippians 4:19 
"And my God will meet all your needs according to 
the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus," 

Jeremiah 17:7 says, "Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord, whose trust is the Lord". 
Jeremiah 17:8 continues, "He is like a tree planted by water, 
that sends out its roots by the stream, and does not fear when heat comes, 
for its leaves remain green, and is not anxious in the year of drought, 
for it does not cease to bear fruit". 

Galatians 3:13-14 
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us, 
and that the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles 
through Jesus Christ, so that they might receive the promised Spirit through faith.
